#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
appnope==0.1.0            # via ipython
backcall==0.1.0           # via ipython
certifi==2020.4.5.1       # via requests
chardet==3.0.4            # via requests
decorator==4.4.2          # via ipython, traitlets
idna==2.9                 # via requests
ipdb==0.13.2              # via -r requirements.in
ipython-genutils==0.2.0   # via traitlets
ipython==7.13.0           # via ipdb
jedi==0.16.0              # via ipython
parso==0.6.2              # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0            # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5        # via ipython
prompt-toolkit==3.0.5     # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.6.0         # via pexpect
pygments==2.6.1           # via ipython
requests==2.23.0          # via -r requirements.in
six==1.14.0               # via traitlets
traitlets==4.3.3          # via ipython
urllib3==1.25.8           # via requests
wcwidth==0.1.9            # via prompt-toolkit
xmltodict==0.12.0         # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
